Setup improvements (#111)
NomicFoundation/hardhat-website: CONTRIBUTING.md

<Install packages="hardhat" />
```

### Spell checking

> We use [cspell](https://cspell.org/#documentation) as a spell checker. It's run as part of `pnpm lint`, or as `pnpm spellcheck`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [cspell](https://cspell.org/#documentation) as a spell checker. It runs as part of `pnpm lint`, or as `pnpm spellcheck`.
```
